DOCS-12436-backup-restore-bugs (#514)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/manage-backup-restore.adoc

Data about the state of Runtime Fabric is distributed across the Kubernetes cluster. Use the following procedures to back up and restore the required state necessary for all deployed applications, management services, and their configurations.

[WARNING]
====
* Performing a backup per node, such as via a VM snapshot, is not supported.

> * Configuration changes to deployed applications and management services made after a back up are not restored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configuration changes to deployed applications and management services that are made after a backup are not restored.
```

> * Configuration changes to deployed applications and management services that are made after a backup are not restored.

Author: ```suggestion
* Configuration changes you make to deployed applications and management services after a backup are not restored.
```
